Rick is a seasoned entrepreneur, founder, investor, and strategic advisor. He has established multiple web3 technology companies, invested in numerous startups, advised over 30 web3 companies, and provided board-level strategic guidance to innovative companies in the technology and fintech sectors. Rick currently serves as Venture Partner with DNA where he spearheads transformative deal advisory for its portfolio of cutting-edge investments. With a sharp focus on AI innovation, tokenomic design, and validating/mining opportunities, Rick leads strategic initiatives that position DNA at the forefront of technological advancement and market disruption. Rick began his fulltime web3 journey by participating in the decentralized global launch of the EOS blockchain. Rick founded EOS New York in 2017, an independent validator node which would become the leading validator node on the delegated-proof-of-stake blockchain. Under Rick's leadership, EOS New York became recognized for its role in running critical technology infrastructure across North America, Europe, and Africa, as well as actively leading governance and crypto-economic initiatives across the network. Rick's team would go on to be leading validator nodes across 6 different blockchains. The business was acquired in 2020. In addition to successfully running validator nodes, Rick was the co-editor of the original Chintai whitepaper, early investor, and is an ongoing advisor. Chintai is a leader in the Real World Asset (RWA) tokenization space, offering blockchain-as-a-service solutions for regulated digital assets like real estate, funds, equities, and commodities. Chintai provides a fully compliant tokenization issuance and secondary marketplace experience bringing billions of RWA's onto the blockchain. Before Rick's entrepreneurial ventures, Rick advised Fortune 500 companies on multi-billion dollar M&A deals as a strategy consultant with global consulting firm Ernst & Young. Rick holds a Bachelor of Science in Economics and Finance from Drexel University.

